Hi, my name is Dave Andrews. Today I'm going
to show you how to convert from Excel to comma
separated text. Let's open up Excel by clicking
on our start button. We go to all programs,
let's find Microsoft Office, then we're going
to open up Excel. I'm going to basically type
some data on here, let's say you got a list
of employees. Let's just put some names and
their sales and these are really simple spreadsheet.
Now we want to save this as a comma separated
text file which is a different way of representing
data in a spreadsheet. It actually takes it
out of Excel format and puts it into a text
format. In each of these cells and rows are
separated by a comma. This is real good for
transferring data between applications because
it puts in a very simple format, it's easy
to read. So let's save this as a comma separated
by clicking on our Office button, go to save
as and I'm going to scroll down to the bottom
here and we're going to select other formats.
Now at the very bottom of your save screen,
it's at the top here because of my resolution,
but we're going to select save as type and
we're going to say CSV or Comma delimited.
I'm going to put this on my desktop and I'm
going to call it Book 1 saving as a CSV file.
Now it's going to warn you that CSV files
do not support multiple sheets and that Excel
won't be able to open it up with multiple
sheets anymore. I'm okay with that so I'm
just going to click okay. It's going to tell
you also that CSV has features or rather the
Excel version of this has features that CSV
or comma separated doesn't support. It asked
you if you want to continue saving, just say
yes. Our file has been saved and let's go
to our desktop. As you can see we have now
a Book1.CSV. If I open that up, that opens
up in notepad because it's just plain text.
As you can see our columns have been converted
into text and they're separated now by a comma.
My name is Dave Andrews and I've showed you
how to convert from Excel to comma separated
values.